Examples of how to use the Spout SDK for sharing DirectX textures without using OpenGL.

The following source files of the Spout SDK are required :

SpoutCommon.h\
SpoutCopy.cpp\
SpoutCopy.h\
SpoutDirectX.cpp\
SpoutDirectX.h\
SpoutFrameCount.cpp\
SpoutFrameCount.h\
SpoutSenderNames.cpp\
SpoutSenderNames.h\
SpoutSharedMemory.cpp\
SpoutSharedMemory.h\
SpoutUtils.cpp\
SpoutUtils.h  

DirectX 11 examples

Based on D3D11 tutorials by Chuck Walbourn updated for Visual Studio 2017 and the Windows 10 SDK.
https://github.com/walbourn/directx-sdk-samples/tree/master/Direct3D11Tutorials \
- Tutorial04 - sender
- Tutorial07 - receiver

There are two versions for each example, contained separately in the following folders :
- Basic\
Stand-alone versions using methods directly from the Spout SDK classes as above. These give details on how the sender shared texture access and copy is managed.
- SpoutDX\
These versions use the "SpoutDX" support class which is designed to contain the detail and present simple functions for the application. The different versions have separate projects for Visual Studio 2017 and can be built independently.
- Windows examples\
Based on a simple Windows Desktop Application project generated by Visual Studio and adapted to use the SpoutDX support class. These examples demonstrate SendImage and ReceiveImage to transfer image pixels to and from shared DirectX textures. They are unique in that no DirectX or OpenGL is used by the applications themselves.
    * Sender\
    The sender displays an image, captures the screen and sends a pixel buffer.
    * Receiver\
    The receiver receives to a pixel buffer and displays the output.
    * Video\
    This is a more extensive example using FFmpeg to load a video, decode individual frames, send to Spout and display using Windows functions. Read the instructions on how to download and copy the FFmpeg files.

To build these examples, retain the folder structure of the Spout distribution.\
The Spout SDK files should be in a folder "SpoutSDK" two levels above the example solution folder.

      SpoutSDK <- this folder has all the Spout SDK source files in it 
	  Examples <- this folder is for Spout examples
	      DX11example <- the complete DX11 example folder
		      Basic <- basic DirectX tutorial examples
		          Tutorial04 <- DirectX sender example
                          Tutorial07 <- DirectX receiver example
		      SpoutDX <- the SpoutDX support class
			  SpoutDX.cpp
			  SpoutDX.h
                          Tutorial04 <- DirectX sender example
                          Tutorial07 <- DirectX receiver example
                          WinSpoutDX <- Windows examples
			       Sender   <- Spout sender using a single image
			       Receiver <- Spout receiver
			       Video    <- Spout sender using FFmpeg and video

Open each solution file, change to release and build. Note the requiremenst for a DATA folder for the executable of the video example.\
For all examples, search for "SPOUT" to see the changes made to the original code.\
Try them first from the Binaries folder. Note the requirement for FFmpeg for the Video example. Refer to the readme in WinspoutDX\Video.

