### Using the Spout SDK for sharing DirectX textures without using OpenGL.


To build using source files, the following files of the Spout SDK are required :

    SpoutCommon.h
    SpoutCopy.cpp
    SpoutCopy.h
    SpoutDirectX.cpp
    SpoutDirectX.h
    SpoutFrameCount.cpp
    SpoutFrameCount.h
    SpoutSenderNames.cpp
    SpoutSenderNames.h
    SpoutSharedMemory.cpp
    SpoutSharedMemory.h
    SpoutUtils.cpp
    SpoutUtils.h  

For the SpoutDX class, the following additional files are required :

    SpoutDX.h
    SpoutDX.cpp


### Examples

DirectX 11 examples are based on D3D11 tutorials by Chuck Walbourn.\
https://github.com/walbourn/directx-sdk-samples/tree/master/Direct3D11Tutorials
- Tutorial04 - sender
- Tutorial07 - receiver

There are two versions for each example, contained separately in the following folders :

- Basic\
Stand-alone versions using methods directly from the Spout SDK classes as above. These give details on how the sender shared texture access and copy is managed.
	* Tutorial04 - sender
	* Tutorial07 - receiver
	
- SpoutDX\
Versions using the "SpoutDX" support class which contains the detail and presents simple functions for the application. The different versions have separate projects for Visual Studio 2017 and can be built independently.
	* Tutorial04 - sender
	* Tutorial07 - receiver
- Windows examples\
Based on a simple Windows Desktop Application project generated by Visual Studio and adapted to use the SpoutDX support class. These examples demonstrate SendImage and ReceiveImage to transfer image pixels to and from shared DirectX textures. They are unique in that no DirectX functions are used by the applications themselves but rather managed entirely by the SpoutDX class.
    * Sender
    * Receiver

The example project files are created for Visual Studio 2017. To build them, retain the folder structure of the Spout distribution. The Spout SDK files should be in a folder "SpoutGL" as follows :

      SpoutGL <- this folder has all the Spout SDK source files in it for OpenGL. 
	  SpoutDirectX <- this folder is for examples and the SpoutDX support class
	      Basic <- basic DirectX 11 tutorial examples
	          Tutorial04 <- DirectX 11 texture sender
	          Tutorial07 <- DirectX 11 texture receiver
	      SpoutDX <- Support class for DirectX 11
			  SpoutDX.cpp
			  SpoutDX.h
	          Tutorial04 <- DirectX texture sender
	          Tutorial07 <- DirectX texture receiver
              Windows <- Windows examples
			      Sender   <- Image sender
			      Receiver <- Image receiver
		  SpoutDX9 <- Support class for DirectX 9
			  SpoutDX9.cpp
			  SpoutDX9.h
	          Tut02_Vertices_Sender <- DirectX 9 texture sender
	          Tut02_Vertices_Receiver <- DirectX 9 texture receiver
			  readme.md
		  SpoutDX12 <- Support class for DirectX 12
			  SpoutDX12.cpp
			  SpoutDX12.h
	          D3D12TextureReceiver <- DirectX 12 texture sender
	          Tut02_Vertices_Receiver <- DirectX 12 texture receiver
			  readme.md
			  
Open each solution file, change to release and build. For all examples, search for "SPOUT" to see the changes made to the original code. Try them first from the Binaries folder that has pre-built executables. Refer to SpoutDX.pdf for further information.


### Other projects

If you create your own project, all of the required files can be included in the project without the folder structure as above, by editing SpoutDX.h (or SpoutDX12.h or SpoutDX9.h) to refer to include files directly.

For example, for SpoutDX :
- include the files listed above in the same folder.
- edit SpoutDX.h for include paths to refer to the local files.

For convenience there is a path prefix definition in SpoutDX.h

#define PATH_PREFIX

For the repository folder structure this should be defined.\
The path prefix is "..\..\SpoutGL\"

    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutCommon.h"
    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutSenderNames.h"
    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutDirectX.h"
    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutFrameCount.h"
    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutCopy.h"
    #include "..\..\SpoutGL\SpoutUtils.h"

Comment out the definition if the include files are in the same folder.\
There is no path prefix.

    #include "SpoutCommon.h"
    #include "SpoutSenderNames.h"
    #include "SpoutDirectX.h"
    #include "SpoutFrameCount.h"
    #include "SpoutGL\SpoutCopy.h"
    #include "SpoutGL\SpoutUtils.h"


### Using CMake

Project files can be generated to build the SpoutDX support class as a dll or static library, and also the the examples, using different Visual Studio compilers, or compilers other than Visual Studio, by using CMake. Refer to "Building the libraries.pdf" document at the root of the repository.


### Using SpoutDX as a dynamic link library or static library

The most convenient way to generate the SpoutDX library is to use the CMake and build the INSTALL project. The required files can then be found in the INSTALL directory :

- bin - SpoutDX.dll (dynamic link library)
- lib - SpoutDX.lib (link library for the dll) SpoutDX_static.lib (static link library)
- include/SpoutDX - required header files

SpoutDX.h should be edited to change the include paths to refer to the local files as described above.




