## OpenGL examples

### Windows

Windows examples are based on a basic application generated by Visual Studio using the Win32 API. They do not depend on any OpenGL framework and can be built independently.

<<<<<<< HEAD
### Openframeworks
=======
The SpoutGL folder and contents must be copied to the Openframeworks "apps" folder. Finally copy the "Examples\Openframeworks" folder and contents to "apps\SpoutGL".

      of_v0.12.0_vs_release <- this folder contains your Openframeworks installation
	    addons <- Openframeworks addons
	    examples <- Openframeworks examples
	    apps
	       Copy the Spout SDK "SpoutGL" folder here
		   SpoutGL
	          .
		      . Spout SDK source files
	          .
	          Openframeworks <- copy the entire Openframeworks folder here
                  ofSpoutExample.sln
                  ofSpoutExample.vcxproj
                  ofSpoutExample.vcxproj.filters
                  bin <- application files are generated here
                  Binaries <- application files are accumulated here
                  src <- the required source files
			      Source <- example source files
				  CopySource.bat <- To select the example of interest
				  CopyExe.bat <- The project copies the application files to "Binaries"

- Open the solution file with Visual Studio 2022, set to "Release".
- The first time the project is used, re-build "openframeworkslib".\
This ensures that the Openframeworks library is created with the correct build type.
- Build the application.

After build, the example executable files are copied to "Openframeworks\Binaries".

### Source files

The "src" folder contains files for a the example.\
The "Sources" folder contains examples for both Sender and Receiver.\
"main.cpp", "ofApp.cpp" and "ofApp.h" are copied the example "src" folder.

Open "CopySource.bat" to select the required example and Rebuild the project.

### Legacy examples

The Spout2 > 2.006 branch contains Sender and Receiver examples. Methods used remain compatible with 2.007. 

### C++17 pre-processor definition

Openframeworks 12.0 requires C++ Language Standard C++17.
This causes an error with D3D11.h due to std::byte definition conflict
due to the use of "using namespace std" in ofMain.h. To avoid this
a preprocessor definition _HAS_STD_BYTE=0 is included in the project.

### MSBuild

Refer to "msbuild.md" for using MSBuild with the example project instead of the Visual Studio IDE.
>>>>>>> 19a9c18e81ced702ca32bd8ea391094615d1b8dd

Openframeworks examples demonstrate OpenGL fbo, texture and image send/receive and also the many options available. Openframeworks is required and files must be copied to the correct location before build. Refer to "Openframeworks\readme.md" for setup and build instructions.

### Cinder

For Cinder, refer to "readme-first.md" in the "Cinder\FboBasic" folder.






    
